O mundo da ordem.  Não, você é unido.  Eu acho que...  Para mim, eu tenho que fazer 1x1.  É um pouco... É um pouco realista de companhia.  Eu tenho que te ajudar eles a te mostrar meu...  Meu prato, meu sorvete.  Ok.  Onde os realista de companhias  Hanging out. Online and offline.  O que é a questão?  O que é o que é online? O que é o que é online? O que é o que é?  Eles têm um lote de advertir em Facebook, Instagram e...  E sobre eles são produtos.  E o que é o grupo?  Telegram grupos, eu vi mais do Telegram do que os subclopes.  Porque o Telegram pode se ver com todos os advertisements.  Ok, o Lorda, como você Find Your Apartment em Modini?  Você é rentante ou você é buy?  Ô, não é?  Ô, você é churro.  OK.  Você é churro.  Sorry.  Um, eu estou rindo para mim atrás de時間.  OK, para mim atrás de時間, onde?  Ok, então eu vou contar que muitos de e Ferguson  nas WhatsApp de Odinas  Dontam as pessoas.  A gente tem todas as linguagens.  Então, ver onde as pessoas estão pensando em você, ok?  É muito importante saber o que eles estão.  Então vamos fazer isso.  O que é o seu cliente, o seu cliente, o seu top 25 target audiences,  o build silver, a personificação de cada um.  Põe uma foto, põe todas as detalhes.  Make them feel real. Do umacké, o dia de legítim.  Democrática, são behaviors, onde eles estão, onde eles vivam,  onde eles estão, como tudo, como eles sejam ou fiam,  eles são retiadas, estão 18 a 24.  Estão 24 a 36.  Estão 36 a 52.  Estão debaixo a dia de 62.  Denunciar, segurar o problema.  Você sabe como é o nome de Aliexpress, ou como é o nome de Stern Jewelry, ok?  Anna, isso foi para você.  Mas você tem uma pergunta?  Sim, de course, Stephanie.  Tem as perguntas que você disse sobre meu cliente,  e eu não sei como encontrar essa informação.  Ok, o que estamos fazendo com o seu coffee shop?  Sim, mas as tarefas, os pessoas aí eu se expleteam o que tem que fazer,  eles podem funcionar, eles podem ir embora.  Não sei muito bem o que estamos fazendo.  Ok, eu vou dizer uma coisa...  Estou com eles, em uma boa maneira.  Eu sei, isso tem um sono creepy.  Mas você precisa...  Você precisa ser de você.  Você precisa ser de você.  O que você precisa ser de você?  Por que você precisa ser de você?  questiones. Get a questionnaire.  After they receive their order,  ask them a very short questionnaire  that each time you change it up a bit,  so that you know,  you get a little bit more information.  Once they're birthday,  because every birthday,  you have a gift for their birthday,  so you know how old they are.  You know where they live,  because you have their address.  Okay.  So you do recommend like question,  like question ads.  Follow up question here is great,  but short,  simple need that is not take a lot of time.  And you can do it on on what's up.  You can do it by email.  There are all different ways to do that.  And Riffke is an expert at doing that.  And I just help to I just want to give another tip also.  If you don't want to get so aggressive,  not aggressive,  but if you don't want to get so hands on yet,  then a more comfortable way to start off with is.  The people that come into the shop,  for example,  for example,  if you have a specific hour or a few hours of the day,  where it's just a mad rush,  for example,  the 12 p.m. people just going out for lunch  and just need a cup of coffee, right?  If you notice that there are certain type of people,  for example,  if they are all business workers,  then you can categorize according to that.  There are people that are high-level executives  or even regular employees in a company.  And they can pick up 12 cups of coffee.  What where do you work?  But you could really notice a lot of things  by what's already coming across of your daily routine.  Yes.  I own a coffee shop in Jerusalem.  Let's go with my J.  How long have you been open, Stephanie?  What?  Sorry, nine years.  By the way, it's the same with your deliveries.  If you're able to see the addresses,  if you could see what hours of the day they're ordering  and to which addresses if it's like,  for example, in the morning to Yahoo Street area,  you know that it's workers and employees  and businesses and things like that.  If it's the residential addresses in the afternoon,  then you know where your crowd is.  Okay.  Thank you.  I'm just like, not even thinking through top-target.  Where do you deliver?  What nationally?  And I have a handful of customers in America.  I don't know what's going to come up.  I was just...  So that was just like...  I would even thinking...  Right.  I came up.  Right.  And...  Okay.  I'm looking at it and I'm thinking exactly  what Rifki said.  So when you know, when you have deliveries,  you can put that.  You can map it out.  You know, if you have Rojavilla  or if you have Quivachaol,  there's also the...  Or if you have Tel Aviv,  and you have like a lot on Inramata-Vivgimmo.  Like you can start looking at different neighborhoods,  looking at what their needs are.  There's a lot, but just with very...  I'm going to put this in a document.  And I will share the document.  I'll start the document now.  And I'll share the document with the...  in the group at the end of the session.  So we'll have a few more little tips.  There's also...  So if you're using...  Oh no, it's going to work really well.  If you're using ChatGPT,  there are pre-created prompts.  ChatGPTs, does everybody know about that?  So if you're on ChatGPT,  there's what you call ChatGPTs Explore.  And you could look for target audience research.  And there might be something interesting.  Create a target audience.  Research ChatGPT target audience insights.  There's all different ones.  I would try looking at one of them  and see what kind of output they have also.  So just saying that it's a way to start...  Do not finish with...  Oops, do not finish with ChatGPT.  But if you're stuck and you don't know how to get going,  start with ChatGPT and develop your ideas further.  Okay, make sense?  Thank you.  You are welcome.  Let's go back to here.  So that was a little bit about your target audience.  Now, multi-channel.  We talked about social media, email marketing.  Did anybody say website?  Digital marketing?  Did anybody say Rifty?  Did anybody say website?  Websites are still really important.  Because you own it.  You own the property.  Because one day, Mark is going to come home and say to Priscilla,  pack up the kids and the gorgeous dog.  I've had enough.  I'm closing the door and we're moving to China.  And then everybody goes, poof.  Does anybody know what I'm talking about?  Or who I'm talking about?  Don't say it.  Who knows what I'm talking about?  Put up with their hand.  Mark comes home from work one day and he says to Priscilla,  pack up the kids and the gorgeous dog.  I've had enough.  I own 61%.  Die enough.  Let's move to China.  Anybody know who I'm talking about?  Okay, at least see on.  Do you know who I'm talking about?  No.  Mark is a lover.  Mark owns Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp.  Where is your content right now?  Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp.  What happens if he decides to, like, say, goodbye?  Now, it happened once before.  I don't think it will happen, but it's happened.  My space.  Does anybody remember my space?  People lost their content.  So I like to say multi-channel.  Yes, rent and own.  When you are on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest, YouTube,  everywhere, you are renting space.  When you have your own emails and you have your own website,  you own it.  Put the content on your website.  Now, I don't know if he's gonna agree with me, disagree with me.  Depends on what kind of business.  I still think that you need to have a website and good content  on your website so that not only Google finds you, AI finds you.  Because when you do research on AI, let's go into a new chat.  Can you see my screen?  What are, oh, please list, please list 10 coffee shops in Jerusalem  that are famous for great coffee.  Okay, that's the question.  Okay.  I'm gonna copy that and I'm gonna go into Google and I'm gonna ask that question.  And let's see what Google gives me.  Can you see my screen?  This is AI overview.  AI.  A lot of that comes from websites.  Candos roosters, cafeos, chua, timol, etchai, etcafen,  nocturno, power, coffee, works for the win.  But it's here.  And we want it here.  Now, this is an AI answer.  Okay.  Here is also the ultimate places to get coffee in Jerusalem.  As from December 2023, but they have really good search engine optimization  and it still comes up.  I would write a blog on your website, something about the ultimate place  to get great coffee in Jerusalem.  Okay.  That was on Google.  So it's very important to have really good content so that AI picks you up.  Now, let's just go back to chat GPT and see what chat GPT gives us.  Rifki, do you use AI all the time?  Is it your best friend?  Is it gonna take over your job?  Is it gonna just make you bit better at what you do?  Definitely.  It's gonna be a brand new trade for sure, like AI marketing management.  Like there's gonna be AI marketing managers.  People who I can spot from far away content that somebody used AI chat GPT  and copied and pasted it into a post on Facebook or a blog.  And it makes me go.  Now, I love content that's rich and then developed and then body.  The cleanup.  And I know that they use AI, but they put their taste, their voice, their volume,  their expertise into it.  No one can take away my expertise.  At least I know and can take away your expertise.  No one can give you a case study that you had with the specific clients  they need to develop it.  Right?  So here we have roasters, Burma, metaphora, the coffee mill, Timor,  et cafe, cafea, chua, coffee market, coffee in the dead,  and yeah, you're not on that list.  Stephanie.  So your website is important.  It's very important.  Now I'm not saying you have to be everywhere all the time at one spot.  Oh, hold on.  Can I ask something or tell me when you're ready?  No, no, I'm ready.  Like I tried very hard to get away with what I actually I haven't made a website today  because I was just using LinkedIn and a directory basically.  But do you think like, I, to be honest with you, I just didn't want to pay for the website.  But do you think like it's just, you're just, it's a non-negotiable?  Yeah.  I think you can do a one page that's really good that has really good information  and slowly flesh it out out of blog and I think the blogs even in 2025 and 2026 are good  because you have to build a blog for AI to find that blog so that you come up on AI search engine optimization  because people do it on their phone and it has to look really good on the phone  because if your website does not look good on a phone, do not put it at until it looks perfect on a phone.  So it depends where your clients are.  I always, if I find a new company on Instagram and I'm on Instagram every morning from five to six  in the morning, don't ask, I'm addicted, but I love it and I go to stories and Instagram reels  and I have found amazing, amazing, amazing companies from there and then I Google the name  and then I see nothing or I see like crappy content.  I was going to use another word but I won't.  So yes, I think it's important and I think that if you say that 90% of your clients are on LinkedIn, so LinkedIn and website  once you've really conquered it, go to the next platform.  Once you've conquered that, go to the next, be comfortable, baby steps people, baby steps, why baby steps?  Because if you do everything at once, you're going to get, you're going to burn out really fast.  So baby steps, who is children in the house? Who is kids?  Anybody have kids? No kids, grandchildren, anybody, it doesn't matter.  When my daughter was, you know, baby, she wore a nice, fluffy diaper and you know, at the beginning they swim on the floor  then they're on eight, then they're on four, then they grab onto the table and they walk around that table  and you're going yes and they fall on their tissues.  And then they take another, you know, walk on it and they're walking around holding onto something and they fall on their tissues.  But they get up again and then they take those first two steps and you're going, come to mama!  And what do they do? They fall on their bounds but the thing that they have a diaper, right?  And then next thing you know, they're like doing a Pilates course and running a half marathon.  So you can't run a half marathon without falling a few times.  So baby steps, take one platform, concrete, go to the next.  And once you've got two platforms, your content we'll talk about next time is easy to repurpose.  So multi-channel is good. I like owning your own real estate.  Yes, my mother's dream that I would own my own apartment in Israel, but I've been renting the same apartment for 21 years.  And the Jewish mom, she would probably kill me right now if she was alive.  But I've been living in the same apartment for 21 years just so that every you better know I have.