É o melhor.  Eu sou uma pessoa pequena, só como você.  Eu estou em marketing, sales, business development,  por 30 anos.  Eu sou a lecture em mentor com Mati,  por mais ou menos 15 anos.  Olava a tica.  Eu sou a caluzza.  Laura, quando eu move a Modina,  eu era uma da primeira 150 residencia de a cidade.  Nós não havíamos nada de electricity e não de água.  Por que eu tinha água na foda,  e uma cherta em uma pã de pã de guitarra,  por que eu tinha uma torcida para duas estes.  Eu falei minha filha dos cantos,  porque eu estava em Hamilton,  o interior do Canadá,  o círculo do Canadá.  Eu rentei ao da escura de jovem de dejoito,  que foi o opres do melhor educador,  o recuco da Hilareta,  e onde é Isonstein?  Anyways, é assim, o nosso rabo era rabo, eu não sei, e é isso que eu me disse, porque  eu me dei uma grande influência na minha vida, de fato, nós eram 11 pessoas em  nosso graduação em classe em grade 8, e nós é 7 vivendo em Israel. Então,  bom trabalho. Eu estava em Israel para 42, 43 anos, 43 anos, eu me  me em Michael, como ele disse, nós fizemos aliás, às vezes, ao mesmo tempo,  eu estou vivendo minha irmã, porque minha irmã foi no World War II, no  Royal Canadian Air Force, e quando ele veio de casa, ele não era o pirate, ele  era um cair de cair, um experto e um flight Lieutenant, em  o Tower, em Beis de Labrador, mas quando ele veio de casa, eles  foram extremos, olhando para a juíche de Vétrens, para o  estado de guerra, em Polícia, em Israel, então eles não  eram com meu parent, meu parent, meu parent, um little  cottage, wartime cottage, em Hamilton, em Ontario, e eles não  eram no Eduardo e eles disse, pelo amor, é David Isodor,  com um accento, e meu irmã, ele era uma pessoa muito small, mas  com muito grandes cantas, eu não sei, muito grandes cantas de russinho.  Ela disse, vamos quem é você?  Eu came from Palestine, a gente tem seu sonho para o The Holy Land.  E a minha grandmother tem o Teil, que nos nos enroguem em sua casa,  porque ele, você sabe, finalmente o seu baby veio à casa.  E a hora depois, ele foi na Delhi,  me meting up with all the guys,  the Jewish veterans.  Seven days later,  my father was on a train to New York,  met on 42nd Street somewhere.  We're schmule kind of like six-story walk-up.  They got the plan, got on a boat to France,  from France to Haipa.  And my father fought here in Israel  in the War of Independence.  He was one of the first members  of the founding people of the Israeli Air Force.  Again, he was not a pilot,  but you need other people,  other than just pilots to run and air force.  So, I'm living my father's dream.  I am a baker, a sustainable maker.  I love baking.  I do one shabbat.  Khalaz, one shabbat.  Papkas, freeze a lot of it.  I'm a sustainable maker.  I'll show you that in a minute and I box.  And except Laura,  I haven't boxed in two weeks  because I was flat on my back for two weeks  because I have a back problem.  So, if I stand up in the middle of giving my lecture,  everybody will excuse me  because sometimes I just gotta stand up, right, Laura?  Okay, I'm also a Canva champion.  I love Canva.  And you are a very lucky group  because you get a double class on how to use Canva.  Okay, this is my daughter.  She is the, she was a touch pitanite,  an observer, like the girls in Najal Oz.  She lost five of her very good friends in Najal Oz.  Three of the girls who were hostages,  the observers that were hostages  were very good friends of hers.  Our very good friends of hers,  they were in the course together.  She finished the army,  she did five and a half months of Milouim  and now she signed on to the army for another year.  That is my bonus son  and there are my two Haileim  and now my husband at the age of 61  went back to the army six months ago  and he is serving in Milouim also.  So, I have a lot of soldiers in my family.  I was a co-founder  of two startups.  One of them is Follow Team Israel.  If anybody likes sports, check them out.  Follow Follow Team Israel on Instagram and Facebook.  Follow the stories of Jewish athletes  and Jewish and Israeli athletes  traveling around the world and competing  and believe me, we have amazing athletes.  It's not only the startup nation,  we are a sport app nation.  You love sports, anybody?  Okay, wow.  Um Barro, I have been introduced to Futsi Boom.  What's it called? Futsi Boom.  I follow this woman and Israeli woman  who just came back from Brazil from London.  She plays Futsi Ball, she's amazing.  Yeah, so it's an interesting game.  I think he's frozen.  No, not frozen.  Well, I have to lose myself already.  I know, I know, I know.  These are some of my sustainable things.  I take all denim.  It started during Corona.  People will draw off,  draw off bags of jeans in front of my door  and run away during Corona.  And I turn them into denim tote bags,  baby gifts, aprons.  I sold, if you can see,  oh, you can't see here,  I sold over 40 bags online  through DMs and private messaging  without a website to people  who I don't know from Austria, Canada, United States, Australia,  Germany, France.  I think I'm missing, but over 40 bags.  I sold 35 aprons.  Also to people I have no idea who they are.  And I think at the most I've had  maybe 350 followers on Facebook and Instagram  with not paying any money  in advertising risky.  Not bad, right?  Organic is still good.  Still good.  So that's just a little bit about me.  We talked about free mentoring.  We'll talk about it more during this series.  So that's just a little bit about me.  And now let's start.  Digital marking 2025.  I should put slash 2026  because 2026 is like right next door.  It's like coming down really fast.  I can't believe we're already in November.  You know, it's 30 degrees out  and it's hot.  We haven't had rain.  And it's November.  So what are we going to do?  How are we going to work our marketing  for the last two months to prepare us for 2026?  And when I say digital marketing,  I want to ask again also one other thing.  This is a conversation.  This is not me just lecturing to you.  I want your feedback.  I want your input.  So when you have something to say,  I'm in the middle of a sentence,  open up your microphone,  and say it, ask it, go on.  Because I'm going to be asking you questions.  So in 2025,  what does digital marketing say to you?  What comes up to your mind when I say digital marketing?  And Ricky, you're going to be the last one to answer.  Okay.  It's somebody.  Stephen, what's digital marketing?  Digital marketing is social media.  I guess TikTok and Instagram and Facebook.  And now you have to do all that.  Okay.  And email marketing.  Pardon me?  Email marketing.  Email marketing.  So we have social media.  We have email marketing.  Shira.  What do you think?  When I say digital marketing,  what do you think?  I definitely want to say Facebook.  Maybe digital marketing.  Emails that use letters.  Maybe also likes for your LinkedIn.  Okay.  Social media platforms.  Email marketing.  Anna.  When I say social media marketing,  what do you say?  I think of like trying to put yourself out there  to different types of people.  It can be, I mean,  it's as specifically digital,  it can be through posters or, like,  muffin mouth or to get yourself to as many people as possible  by showing what you do.  Getting your message out.  Digital is through different platforms.  Okay.  Yeah, I'm going to ask risky.  When I say digital marketing,  what do you say?  I can bring up,  in addition to what everyone else said  because they're all right.  I can bring up another aspect,  which is using whatever tools you have available  to expand your awareness  and audience and market,  which means you can send messages digitally to people.  You can post on your status.  You can send an email.  You can do so many things digitally,  free or paid, it doesn't matter.  You can use influencers.  There are so many things that you can do digitally  to enhance your business and marketing.  100%.  Now, we're talking about marketing  and we're not going to talk today about advertising.  And the difference is advertising.  Marketing is one thing.  Advertising is another thing.  Advertising, meaning paid advertising,  paying for ads on Facebook,  on Instagram, on LinkedIn,  on YouTube, paying for ads,  and little magazines,  paid advertising.  We're not talking about that today.  We're talking about marketing.  And what is marketing taking your story, your vision, your product,  and sending it out there and getting awareness.  So everybody, what everybody said,  is 100%.  Now, what does your business need to be a business?  First of all, it needs sales.  Like, when I ask people,  what's your vision?  It's like, oh, I want to change the world.  No, you want to make money to pay the mishkanta  and the mokolet and your electricity bill.  So don't be shy.  You need sales.  Because if you don't have sales,  you don't really have a business.  You have a fun project,  a hobby.  We need sales.  You need credibility and visibility.  You need people to see.  You need eyeballs on your content.  On your product.  You need to build your brand awareness.  People have to think about.  You have to become top of mind.  So when I say, oh, I have a new business  that I've been working with  and they need a digital marketer  that will come in,  learn their voice  and you go wild with it.  I'm going to think of risky.  Okay?  That need to be top of mind.  You have to build that awareness.  That means you have to be seen.  You have to connect with that audience,  with the potential audience.  And we're going to talk about audiences a lot.  You're going to be sick of me saying,  audience, audience, audience.  And you have to give good customer service  because I've heard from people,  oh, Israel is terrible customer service.  Terrible customer service.  Terrible customer service.  Well, we were all made,  we all made Alia  and to open businesses  so we will give better customer service.  Okay?  Because at power works,  they give great customer service.  Right, Stephanie?  Okay.  And the bottom line.  Now, if you see the top line and the bottom line,  you need sale.  You need to make sales.  And as long as that,  the dots are going up.  Sometimes there's a little dip.  As long as they're going up,  it's good.  So how are we going to do that?  Today, we're going to discuss digital marketing 101.  I like to say that digital marketing  and exactly what Ricky said.  It's using digital tools  to tell your story.  Get your message out there.  That is like number one.  Tell your story.  Don't sell.  Don't sell.  Tell people, engage with people,  excite people.  You have to touch,  excite, activate.  Everybody talks about the sales funnel  when you're in marketing  and there are several layers  and they're all complicated.  I'm going to break it down to you.  Really good marketing  is touching somebody,  exciting somebody  and activating somebody.  So it's the know,  it's the like,  no,  it's the love,  it's the credit card.  Simple.  Touch,  excite,  activate.  You can't activate somebody  if they don't know you like you,  you're seeing you around,  whatever,  how many people go into,  how many people buy from Amazon?  Well,  nobody,  how many people in the past  have bought from Amazon?  Or an online marketplace.  Doesn't matter.  Okay.  Do you read the reviews?  Yes.  Do you Google the companies?  The company,  the product.  Do you watch videos?  Yes.  Okay.  So they're telling their story  or through user,  you know, user-generated content,  which we'll talk about,  but people want to know more about the business,  you want to read about the reviews,  you want to see,  it's visible.  So we're going to talk about that awesome.  Use the digital tools  for your strategies,  techniques to get your story out there  to make content,  contact with the potential customers.  Now,  do you know who your customer is?  Do you know who your audience is?  Because social media  is really oversaturated,  is saturated,  and none of you,  nobody in this room,  has an original idea.  Eh, honey,  how's that?  Stephen, you have a patent,  but you might have similar competitors,  something, you know,  you know,  I am so ready for your app,  your SaaS,  but you might have competitors,  something similar,  maybe it's not about apartments,  it's about medical advice.  Okay.  It's a saturated,  busy,  global market.  So how are you going to stand out?  Who are your clients?  Who are your target audience?  Okay.  So let's go.  Laura, who's your target audience?  You're on mute?  Sorry.  I've worked in a lot of different areas,  but because my husband works like Canadian hours,  he works in the evenings,  so I'm looking to work more daytime hours.  So that's why I'm more comfortable with like  geriatric population  before like, you know, early mornings and early afternoon.  I don't know if that's my like,  that's my target market right now.  You know,  if my schedule could open up to be available in evenings,  I might consider other people who are available  for treatments in the morning,  so that by three,  when your kids come back from school,  you're home.  Yeah.  Okay.  Men, women,  what kind of ailments?  What are you specializing in?  Do you work with knees, joints,  back?  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Well, I did it too,  and my kids were younger,  and I needed to have like that kind of schedule.  I did more like home visit,  geriatric post hip knee replacements,  a lot of like neurological,  like Parkinson's, MS,  post stroke rehab,  general just deconditioning.  You know,  I'm going to say something.  Knee should down.  I want you to think,  who is your gold audience?  Now, I said,  I love sports.  I was up in the morning.  I watched the last three or four innings  of the World Series baseball games this morning.  So I've been out.  Yeah.  Had a lot of coffee in my system.  Um, Toronto Blue J's lost.  But, um,  I want you to knee should down.  I want you to think of your gold,  silver,  and bronze audiences.  One, two, three,  your gold is that juicy fat.  What you love,  what's going to bring you the money,  the goal,  your silver audience,  and your bronze audience.  And that's your fierce homework.  We're not finished yet,  but that's everybody's homework.  Describe to me,  put it down in words.  Who's your gold silver and bronze?  But do you,  but when you say it was your gold,  like,  is it who I think is going to make me  the most profit money?  Or who would I enjoy treating the most?  Both.  But it's not always the same.  But if it,  no,  but if you're passionate about something,  and you,  you create content about your passion  and you're the best at treating a specific audience,  I want to know about it.  Okay.  Now,  I'll give you an example.  I had in a group,  me and Michael had in a group of very young women  also from Brazil.  And she said she makes baiting suits.  Brazilian baiting.