É um peito de TV de 3 anos antes,  Dragonstan, Dragonstan, alguns de vocês sabem o programa de Dragonstan,  alguns de vocês sabem de Shark Tank, em israel,  que é called Christian, Shark Tank, etc.  Onde, entreprenores, estão na frente de um canal de 5 pessoas  e pico, hoping que o antigo,  é uma de eles, vão nos dar para o mundo.  E em walks, esse 30-year-old,  é called Sam Jones, e é uma ideia de pico.  E nós vamos falar sobre 32 segundos de este vídeo.  E o que vocês vão ver,  é que, em 32 segundos, Sam Jones,  tem convido 5 successful entreprenores  que têm o seu dinheiro que eles querem considerar  e a questão que eu posto a você,  é por que?  O que ele faz, Sam Jones,  que tem eles na banha, na sua banha.  Olá, Dragonstan,  meu nome é Sam Jones,  eu sou o founder de Generate,  e eu estou aqui hoje para falar de 60,000 lbs de returns  para 10% de equidade.  O secret open,  entreprenores,  entreprenores,  entreprenores,  é que ele faz para explotar a nossa data.  like,  quando você tem algo para um amigo,  e a próxima coisa que você sabe,  você está sendo bombada com adverto para isso.  Todo mundo que nós fazemos online  está sendo tratado.  Para termos nossos movimentos  e entender a behavior.  Então eles...  32 segundos.  Você vê eles no seu corpo?  Eles estavam no.  O que ele faz, Sam Jones,  tem uma vez que eles se convidiam.  Ele fez um relatador.  O quê?  Ele fez exemplos de coisas que realmente  se falaram em seus dias,  eles podem ser relatos,  eles se filam empathy  para o que ele vai saber.  Como nós temos isso,  então nós vamos nos dar uma vez.  Sim, você é bem,  mas é mais específico.  O que ele faz?  O que ele faz?  O que ele faz?  Ou ele fez o que fez o relatador.  Todo mundo é preocupado com isso.  Mas se for o que acontece?  Sim, ok?  É o que nós sabemos que isso acontece.  É o que acontece,  você Open your phone,  e você sabe que você está sendo lançado  porque a verdade  é uma outra opção para o próximo 5 dias,  ou você vai saber sobre a X1Z  que você já estava falando sobre a sua mãe.  Vamos fazer isso.  Olá, Dragans.  Meu nome é Sam Jones.  Eu sou o founder de generar.  E eu estou aqui para falar com 60.000 lbs de returns  para ter...  Agora, primeiro, eu espero que as pessoas são Sam Jones.  Ele tem uma grande opção,  que eu não tenho muito perdido.  Ele tem uma grande opção que eu nunca tinha em minha vida.  Eu espero que as pessoas são assim.  Então, lembre-se do italiano.  Eu falo sobre ele antes.  Ele vem, ele está fazendo a impressão  e...  É só para te anomar ainda mais.  Ele está smiling all the time.  A minha família me disse que eu nunca fiz smile em fotos,  que é absoluto, mas, anyway.  Então, ele está lá.  Ele manda o rumo.  Porém, na última vez, ele listening  para um podcast em Juli Andrews,  o actress, Mary Poppins, o museu.  Ele disse que ele poderia ir para o rumo  e ela ajudou o rumo.  Não é porque ela era, obviamente, famosa,  mas o modo que ela ajudou a ela,  o modo que ela olhe ao rumo,  o modo que ela faz o rumo.  Vamos!  100% equipe.  O Open Secret.  O Open Secret.  O Open Secret.  O Contradição.  É Open, mas é Secret.  E ele está falando com 5 sugestões  antroproners.  E ele disse que ele não sabe algo.  Você pode ver o que é o que é o que é o que é o caso?  O que é a investigação de indústria  é que ela é construída em explotar a nossa data.  Lá...  Esse homem está dizendo que é um Open Secret.  Eu estou sendo espotada, mas eu não sei o que ele está falando.  Mas eu tenho que se falar...  Por isso, por exemplo,  a gente faz uns há semanas a dar um dia para o ver no TV,  mas isso não é uma coisa boa.  Quando você está falando algo para um amigo,  e o próximo que você sabe é que você está bombado com a adverção para ela.  Eu estou bombado com isso,  Então, ele é definitivamente sobre isso, não é?  Nós somos todos bombarde com adverto na YouTube  e nós somos todos pedaços com isso  mas nada a gente vai spending 10 dólares de um mês  em algum adverto, pensando em mim, Jake.  Ele solte, ele tem o dinheiro  e ele tem mais dinheiro,  e ele é muito sucesso.  Ele solte na espada.  Eu tenho uma casa.  Uma casa.  Em 1990, a minha wife and I went out.  We knew we had to move.  We went to a flat fair in Malcha.  We knew what we were looking for.  We knew what our budget was.  We eventually found some team  that we never heard of before.  Project, we never heard of before.  I was sat down.  In front of us were two people.  One was the mid-30s.  Tall, Israeli, well-dressed.  Good dreams.  Sales guy.  And next to him was the dumb blonde in the mini.  I do not remember whether I sat...  I'm not joking.  I'm not exaggerating one bit.  Who said nothing, the whole interview.  I do not remember whether I sat opposite her or him.  The person told us, showed us the plans for the flat.  He told us the floor, the price and the direction.  We knew what we were looking for.  It was sold on the spot in five seconds.  I'm not exaggerating.  It happened, by the way, just to complete the story  that after this was...  The flat fair was in Malcha, the canyon.  We went afterwards for the coffee and cake we'd gone out.  Not expecting to sign up on anything.  We went out for coffee and cake, which was the original purpose  of going out that evening.  And as we were approaching whatever coffee place it was,  my wife told me to look down on the floor and see what I was trading on.  Fearing the worst, I gently pick up my foot.  I was standing on a 200-shackle note.  My wife said to me, that's Simon.  That is a sign from a buff.  She said she ordered me to give the money to charity.  I really lived in that place for 20 years, happily.  A digress.  Selling is about listening.  Selling is about understanding the pain and providing a solution.  And that means showing what they have today  and what they could have tomorrow.  The client is the hero, not you.  I've already given the game away, but can you make two words out of this?  These six letters.  First word is listen.  And the second word is silent.  Listen to what they're saying.  Some word, do's and do's about selling don't lie  because you will be found out as most politicians are  whether they pay the price, that's another matter.  That's what politicians doing.  They're selling their dream to you.  Don't afraid to be an actor.  Don't be afraid to be an actor.  Oh, I can't do this.  Don't be afraid to walk out.  Sometimes you won't make the sale.  Sometimes people are just bargaining you down and being rude.  Don't be late.  We're going to talk about handling awkward objections in pricing.  I've mentioned discounts already.  How to get around.  One, I'll just deal with one of them.  I want to think about it.  How many times have you pitched to people and they said,  okay, fine.  It's a kind of shut up line.  Leave me alone.  But you don't have to shut up.  You can say, okay, how long do you need?  Oh, I don't know.  And when you've agreed to buy, what will happen next?  You can challenge them.  All of the pushback items have a challenge.  You do not have to shut up.  You have to learn how to use them where and when.  And that comes with practice and practice and more practice.  Don't forget what is the best...  Where should you be concentrating when you're actually trying to get them to sign off?  What is the thing you need to concentrate on all the time?  It's about you, the client.  Not about you, the individual.  That you're the best person to sell something.  And you have the best product and the best coffee and the best digital marketing plan.  It's not about you.  It's about them, where they are today and what they could be tomorrow.  But then you actually have to close the deal.  You have to have that proverbial handshake.  When does a handshake happen?  When do you start to create the handshake?  You start from the very first moment that you're engaged with that person.  Because the handshake happens when there is trust.  And you create trust from the get go.  Trust is about ensuring that someone used to buy from them and will buy from you.  Trust is about ensuring that when someone who didn't ever buy that product or service will now buy from you.  You're creating a change.  And change for human beings generally isn't easy to get over.  Quick tip on how to close.  Comes from a great guy.  No idea who he is, except he's from Northern England in Yorkshire.  His name is Andy. Andy Bounds.  So during meeting one, you want to make sure that you get the meeting sorted.  You don't and you come out with thank you and they go, you're welcome, goodbye.  What happens is you have to reignite it.  And then you play telephone, tenison, email tenison, all the passion and the fun has gone.  You've got to nail it while you're there.  So what you do is this.  You do not say, shall we meet again?  Why? Because that's a yes no question.  And they might say no. They might say no nicely but they say no.  So instead you put a question word before it.  When shall we meet again?  Where shall we meet next time?  If you want, you can frame it a bit and say, so I'll move ahead with my actions.  Great you move ahead with yours.  When do you think we should get together this week?  Is chaotic for me? I could do early next.  If you want the end of next week, when's best?  So you want to be giving them options of a couple of things rather than do we meet or not?  Or if you prefer, because some people don't like offering options.  In case somebody says, no, they get out.  I mean, they won't, but some people think customers might say that.  So what you do instead is you ask their advice.  And you say, so how would you advise we progress this then?  It's a basic rule of human nature that people are very good at going along  with things they thought of themselves.  So how would you advise we progress this?  Or what's the best way to progress this?  Or how would you advise we progress this quickly?  Or a great question is, what do you think might get in the way of us progressing this quickly?  And how do you suggest we overcome that?  In other words, close. Don't walk away from it. Don't be nice.  What are we doing next by when?  Sidebar. Shari has just reminded me.  There are about 10, 12 of you in the group.  About six of you already have opened the register to your business.  Please, please, please.  Even whilst listening to me, send to Shari.  You're a copy of your tool, that or sick, but or sick.  Because then we can get you extra webinar sessions.  So please do it within the next hour.  Please, please, please.  And we'll send you a reminder again in a moment.  Will you help us to set that up?  Or is that something different?  We need to do that within the countenance or something.  We can help you.  I just did it online. I can send the link also.  I've postponed it a long time.  And now I did it so I can send the link on how to do it if you want.  Yes, please.  Give me three more slides and we'll come to exactly that.  Okay.  For whatever it is.  Okay.  But those who've got already, please send, please send.  Okay.  Let's go back out there.  Now, it's a bringing it all together.  It's about getting personally.  It's about saying, what is good for them?  I'm running a bit short of time.  There is an acronym called RICE.  RIC.  It comes out of the FBI, FBI and CIA, I can't remember.  It's a formula where if you employ this formula,  you talk to a person about why it's worth, I'll do it in the order that you should do it.  You say, you want to work with me because I understand you.  You want to work with me because this is going to be good for you.  You want to work with me because you're going to get paid in terms of the FBI, CIA.  It means they're bribing spies.  And in terms of,  and the final one is coercion.  Pleasant coercion.  If you don't join me, you will not get to wherever.  It's a formula that is often used when you're doing cold calls or cold emailing.  You address, you use your emails or the way you go through the script in this manner.  It can be highly, highly effective.  It's a quick question, yeah.  Can I ask a question?  As like, I'm a physiotherapist.  So as like a medical practitioner,  I feel like a balance between how much, like, if you do more therapy,  you will get better faster and you should improve quicker.  But also, I feel a little bit morally uncomfortable pushing someone financially  when I'm trying to just help them.  My moral, my ethical obligation of curing you is not really financially motivated.  It shouldn't only be financially motivated.  So I'm trying to strike a balance of promoting myself,  but also I never want to take advantage of someone.  And that balance of.  A, you are right, full stop.  B, it doesn't just apply to, should we say wellness professions?  It should apply to all professions.  C, I rushed the slide.  D, I would suggest to you that when you sit down,  and I don't know if you're going to write some emails to people,  or you're going to talk to people,  you certainly in your particular case don't want to be said,  or you've got to be doing physio with me three times a day,  six days a week, et cetera, et cetera.  No, there's no doubt that that isn't what I'm advocating.  And I'm not advocating for you in your particular profession to turn around and say,  you're only by working with me.  Can you get the right kind of physiotherapy?  Because there's more than one of you out there.  But you may want to say.  And I'm concentrating on point four here.  And we can, we could have taken on any of the other point.  You can definitely say that first of all,  you may have a campaign on that says the first two lessons are 50% off for whatever it is.  So you can definitely raise that out there within the boundaries of what you've just said.  Okay.  You can certainly say,  look, you can come along for trial,  but you typically people with your issue need four sessions, ten sessions, whatever it is.  These things are not just legitimate, they're genuine.  I'm telling you now that I have a miniscule problem.  I mentioned that I don't run at the moment.  I have a miniscule problem.  I'm getting it dealt with, sorry, not through physio, but through acupuncture.  And it's taking excessions.  Now before I went to this person who I'm working with,  I spoke to three other acupunctures and they gave me the impression that it was a couple of sessions each.  Which didn't make sense to me because of the intensity of the problem.  This person has said it's ten sessions approximately implications probably 12.  But there is an improvement.  And he hasn't told me exactly how many sessions because it can't because my body is my body, et cetera.  Have I answered your question or your observation?  Yeah, I just, I'm originally from Canada.  So I know like the socialized medicine, but I also worked in the United States.  And so it's like vastly different what you would prescribe for different things based on who's paying basically.