é que era um estado de gestão para mim para me lembrar.  Alguns Estados Unidos, não marido a Estados Unidos e a Estados Unidos,  Stephanie, o que?  Qualquer outro, say yes, hands of the air, ok, Stephanie,  you're on.  Stephanie, please tell people where this is.  Table Mountain.  Table Mountain, it's on my bucket list,  mas não é muito bem.  Table Mountain.  É a mesma coisa.  Eu não posso.  Porque eu fico um outro dos meus sonhos,  e isso é para ir para Melbourne.  Sim, eu tenho o nome de Melbourne para ver  o Christmasté Tetsmash.  Muito bem.  E eu não vou morar com o outro.  Me deixe um pedaço.  Mas, obrigado por te ajudar.  A Table Mountain is roughly speaking about three and a half thousand feet high.  Everest, roughly speaking, is about 28 and a half thousand feet high.  And the question is, as you can see on the screen, which is safer to climb.  Other than Stephanie, who else is going to answer the question?  Come on, guys, come on, bit of energy here. Who's listening?  Umberto, has it an answer? Which is safer to climb? Table Mountain?  Or Everest?  Why?  It's less high than Everest. That's it.  If I was to tell you that there are some years where more people die on Table Mountain,  a mountain that you can go up and down in a day by foot, then Everest would you be surprised?  Don't think that's dangerous. That's a problem.  Now, most of the year, in most years, obviously, unfortunately, they're deaths and both,  but there are more deaths on Everest.  And you can only climb Everest to the top about 10 days every year.  I think it's around about the first week of May.  So not that many people can climb Everest and many people climb Table Mountain, whatever the numbers are.  If there are people who get lost on Table Mountain, people get dehydrated,  people who take the wrong turning and obviously may fall over or whatever it is.  Because they didn't pay attention to the rules.  And there are rules when you set up a business.  It's all very well being creative and pushing boundaries and so on and so forth.  But you still need a budget and you still need to plan your marketing campaign and end-to-end.  Have a look at this.  Oh, I made a mistake one minute.  Let me just share the screen again, but with sound on.  Have a look at this.  An event seen from one point of view gives one impression.  Seen from another point of view, it gives quite a different impression.  But it's only when you get the whole picture.  You can fully understand what's going on.  You need the full picture.  Just as I was referring to that food company or that manufacturing company in the food business a few moments ago.  They haven't got the full picture because of whatever they're doing with their accounting.  You need the full picture.  I'm sure many of you can relate to this story.  X years ago, our teenage son at the time walks in at whatever it was, six o'clock in the morning.  Two parents are absolutely livid.  Where have you been?  What is this?  You are grounded.  Scream, scream, shout, shout.  I fully understand you, Mum. I fully understand you, Dale.  But I was coming home late.  I was about to leave the party and I realized there was some girl who was actually drunk out of her mind.  It would not be safe for her to go home on her own.  I walked her home and then came back here.  We wanted to melt in the floor, etc., etc.  How many times have you screamed at the bank manager because they didn't?  How many times have we got cross over?  How many times have we taken action in rage when we thought we knew everything?  We just don't.  It's up to us to get all the picture, all the details.  A few more clickouts.  Sorry.  You want to pay a lot of attention to detail.  Let's just take your email that you send out.  If I send an email out saying your price quote or something like that,  what is the person receiving the email going to do?  They're going to say, instinctively,  I don't want to receive a price quote even if they've asked for it.  Why don't I want to receive a price quote?  Because it means I'm going to have to pay someone money.  And I don't want to pay anyone money.  I want them to pay me.  Find a different way for a price quote.  Your investment opportunity, for example.  Your appearance, whether I show up on time or not, these meetings.  How are you up?  I'll tell you a story of a meeting I went to.  I wasn't a meeting, it was a convention I went to.  And the core event of the convention featured someone who came over from,  I think, Italy and was going to speak to this room.  The room was standing room only.  There were hundreds, maybe thousands, had to be thousands in there.  And this gentleman turned up, not particularly tall,  but I think he came from Italy because I remember he had this perfect suit on him  with this crisp shirt on him and the tie tied up.  You know, a lot like Kinesa members with the top button showing.  He was the part.  He walked up and down to the left, to the right, up and down the aisle.  And he held this audience of strangers of thousands of strangers in the palm of his hand  and delivered his talk.  When he used the clicker, he didn't even look at the slides to see if they'd gone up or not.  He looked the part and he'd obviously worked on that.  He knew what he was doing.  So we've spoken about vision, we've spoken about the need for detail,  the attention to detail.  And now I want you to look at the business model.  Quite often, and we'll discuss the term business model.  Quite often, a business model.  It's one of those phrases where people throw out casually,  you know, get your business model ready.  Often, if I read business plans, they can say, and I've copied this from someone  by synergizing our tech week and leverage of the community.  What a load of rubbish.  The animal on your left features in the children's textbooks and story books  in many countries.  You may have grown up with it or not.  And the animal is called gobbledygook.  Because most business models are simply gobbledygook, a load of rubbish.  This was a company I worked for.  And by the way, it was the most fantastic company to work for.  I thoroughly enjoyed my, I think, 20 months there.  And still in touch with one or two people from there.  And they had whatever platform it was.  And one day, a gentleman joined the company, a clever person,  a erudite person.  He joined the company. I vaguely knew him.  And he went round.  I could hear him going where we had an open plan office.  So you had your little cubicle, but you could hear everything going on.  And I could hear him going round from cubicle to cubicle,  asking people what they do and what it was all about.  And he went to whoever it was in this quite near me.  I could hear the whole conversation.  So what does insist do?  And the gentleman explained.  And the new person asked again, but I don't get it.  What does it do? And he explained.  And this went on for like five minutes.  And I'm thinking to myself, you're a new guy.  I know your background. You are very clever.  What is it that you don't get?  I didn't make sense to me.  I went home and I began that night to realize that insist  had a gobbledigook business model that made absolutely no sense.  And sure enough, the company folded sooner rather than later.  Your business model.  I remember being asked what my business model is when my business model  on behalf of a client.  And I thought to myself, what a stupid question.  Surely the business model is to make as much money as quickly as possible.  Who else, what else is there to do in business unless you're a nonprofit?  And gradually over the years, I began to realize that a great business model  answers five simple questions which are more complicated  than the whole complete works of Shakespeare put together.  Because you need to answer five questions.  What are you selling to whom?  Why, how, for how much?  What are you selling?  Is it a product?  Is it a service?  What's the need, et cetera, et cetera?  To whom?  I'm going to sell it to women.  I'm going to sell it to 18 to 20-year-olds.  I'm going to say, well, why them?  Why not the 20 to 22-year-olds?  Why men instead of women?  Why are you selling it to them?  What's their pain point?  Well, they, they, it seems as if they need it.  How are you going to do?  That's not going to, how are you going to, I'm going to use social media.  Well, what does that mean?  Are you going to use every platform?  Why are you using social media?  How much?  One price, split pricing?  What is it?  I'm just beginning to scrape the surface with the subquestions.  And when you think you've got an answer to your business model,  go and validate all the answers.  How do I validate it?  I haven't got the time or money for an extensive business survey.  Possibly not.  Phone three friends.  Phone Michael, Sherry, and whoever else.  Go and get a businessman to test your answers.  Don't be afraid to test like I was all those years ago.  Who's going to believe me?  So what if someone says to me,  actually Michael, you could be wrong on this, but the other two, you're right.  Because if I hear that, then I know I need to improve.  Or justify why I believe that I am right.  Et cetera, et cetera.  This is arguably the most important slide you'll see today,  which could mean that some of you are sitting there saying,  if that's the best it's got, why am I sitting here?  Do not write off this slide.  It is key, because in some form or another,  it comes up so often in my business mentoring.  And when you think you've got the answer, make sure it's a practical answer.  I put this film in A, because it's fun, breaks things up a bit,  but B, because it shows you what you can do when creating a business.  Please, Jess.  Please, Jess.  Smoozy.  Making Smoozy.  Calendar.  No meetings today.  Remember, then test at 9.30.  Fire off.  Fire off.  Open door.  Door open.  And we're going to do one more.  All right.  Open door.  Wrong voice command.  Open door.  Wrong voice command.  Open.  Open door.  Repeat that.  Open door.  I didn't understand that.  Open door.  Repeat on the floor.  Open door.  Repeat on the floor.  Open door.  Open door.  Repeat on the floor.  Open door.  Open door.  Don't know what they're advertising.  Keep your business model simple.  Well, I'm going to send sell to men who are between the ages of 20 and 30  and women who are the ages of 60 and 70.  I just made that up, of course.  That's not going to happen.  It's just not going to happen.  Let's try to get back to the business model.  So that business model is something that I didn't have at the beginning.  Probably just about got it today.  It is key.  It is key.  It is key.  Well, can go into your business model.  All of these factors.  Some of them.  All of them.  More.  It's for you to create the business model.  It's for you to be aware.  It's for you to get into the detail.  So that you know.  So that it takes you out to where you want to be at the other side.  Of course, all of these things are dynamic and you change.  Item number four.  Your home base.  On the left.  We have that well-known family.  Even if they're not on this, you know, they're not making any more of it.  Everyone knows who the symptoms are.  Just about everyone knows who the symptoms are.  I never really watched it, but, you know, you couldn't help but love the characters.  And on the right, we have who.  We have your bank manager.  Everyone loves their bank manager.  Why don't we want to speak to our bank manager?  Because we haven't worked out how much it costs to run our household.  Now, when I say to run the household, what am I referring to?  How much it actually costs?  Or how much it should cost?  Or how much it should cost in the long run?  So, for example, when I ask people for their household budget, some people say,  well, it's about 10,000 shekels.  I say, okay, so does that include holidays?  Oh, we don't do holidays.  And they usually say that with two of the screaming kids in the background.  Does it include clothes?  Oh, my better half.  And we don't buy clothes.  We make do with what we've got.  Which may be true.  And may be very modest of them and good for them.  But at the end of the day, we need to replace our clothes from time to time.  Does it include house insurance?  Does it include pension?  Does it include saving schemes?  I can get by or making 10,000 shekels a month.  And my better half doesn't need to work.  And that's good enough.  So, you're not doing any permits for abundance for parties for your child, etc., etc.  I had a client many years ago, very talented in whatever service they were providing.  And they fired me, no doubt about it on this, because we were almost arguing over this point.  They had worked out that they could live as they were,  without any debt, on about 8,000 shekels a month.  And if I remember correctly, they had two young children at the time.  There may have been extra money, about 1,500 from Bituach Law, me national insurance.  And I went through, what about holidays?  What about clothing?  What about saving for the future?  I said, we don't need to.  You know, who am I to tell them that they do?  It's my job maybe to point out that they want to consider these things.  So, what if you do not make enough money to cover your household budget?  Now, if you're just starting up a business by your most unlikely to be able to make enough money to do that.  But if you don't make enough money, then you're in the wrong business.  If you're strong, you need to reappraise or take another look at your business model.  And I tell so many people when they come to me.  If you're unsure of your financial footing, don't give up the day job.