ela também tinha muitas pessoas, não há nada que dizer que você tinha 6?  Sim, ela tinha, ela tinha, eu não lembro de exatamente o que ela tinha, mas ela ainda tinha mais, eu não sei.  E eu ia dar um trabalho em casa, e cada vez, depois de dois meses, eu me pergunto,  o que tudo era, e ela voltou, eu não tinha tempo para o trabalho de casa, e eventualmente  ele begin to pick out the message and there's a pattern,  and as they're, what's going wrong?  We both sort of sat back and said,  you know, she wanted to move forward,  very clever person, very charming person,  very capable person.  But she wasn't going very far.  And eventually, she blurted out that she's,  you know, got her 300 kids and whatever it is.  And she, there were only real time she had to do work.  It was roughly between 9 o'clock in the morning  e vamos dizer uma em dia-a-se,  whereas, eu estava acertando agora em uma sensação  que ela é avalada de 9 até 4, ou nada.  Então, nós fizemos a switch,  que o dia-a-se não é 9 horas a dia,  mas 4 ou 4,5 horas a dia.  E, porém, nenhum capítulo que ela vai fazer  no dia-a-se ou,  quando, entre o Huguim ou algo,  eu ignoço isso,  não é a qualidade de trabalho.  Nós nos começamos a se concentrar  no dia-a-se, o dia-a-se, o dia-a-se ou o dia-a-se ou o dia-a-se.  Não posso, obviamente, dizer o dia-a-se ou o dia-a-se,  mas, depois, nós estamos trabalhando com cada um,  eu estou muito capítulo.  Nós estamos trabalhando com cada um,  não é nada.  E o que eu posso dizer é que ela  concluiu a sua exida,  a sua companhia,  a gente tem um pouco de dinheiro,  e ela está muito feliz com o que eu posso dizer.  Eu não sei o que você está tentando fazer, Shira.  Eu não sei, com cada um,  ou você também, ou você também,  ou você também, ou você também,  ou você também, ou você também, ou você também.  Focas, você está sobretudo  para se concentrar na sua família,  você está sobretudo para ser  Selfish for the benefit of the grades of good, okay?  Let's talk about marketing.  Let's talk about, shall I say, strategy.  There's marketing, there's selling, there's clothing.  Closing, closing.  Marketing is that, ladies, sherry.  How to inform people as to who you are and what you're doing  and why it's so good.  Selling, why did I use a picture of Ronald Reagan, President Reagan,  because selling is actually convincing someone to purchase.  And you can say, what you like about Reagan, you can say,  what you like about a B-movie actor becoming president of America,  you can say, what you like about his policies.  But could he convince people to do things?  The answer is absolutely yes.  He was a very successful governor, according to many stories,  and most people think he was a successful president.  But then once you've told them,  and once you've convinced them to buy, you have to close the deal.  And this lady Bernadette, Bernadette McClelland,  is an expert on that.  You can go and look her up on LinkedIn.  She's got a nourish name.  She grew up in Australia.  I think she's currently living in.  America.  Now, the reason I didn't put this, yeah, here it is.  Now, let's start with marketing.  And then we'll move on to selling.  As I mentioned, marketing is about walking tall self-belief,  giving the best you can offer.  And I want to introduce you to something called,  what I call the Kia moment.  And I want all your marketing to induce that Kia moment.  Here's what I mean.  Let me tell you why you're here.  It is the world of luxury that has been pulled over your eyes  to blind you from the truth.  We just want to get our car...  Take the blue key.  You go back to the luxury you know.  You take the red key  and you'll never look at luxury the same again.  This is unreal.  No, it's very real.  This is what luxury looks like.  This is what it feels like.  This is what it sounds like.  No, it's not a sleep.  No, it's not a sleep.  Why do I miss you so much in me?  My name is my son, Sapra.  I'm in jail.  I'm in jail.  I'm in jail.  Now, that was an advert  que foi apresentado para o superbulto há há 10 anos.  Agora, eu nunca nunca considero buying a Kia Car,  ou não, mas buying cars all day, todo dia.  Mas, quando eu vi aquele adeio, eu acertaria de pensar sobre a Kia Car.  Eu não sei por que, eu acertaria de ser capaz de ir para o Ford da Range,  que foi provavelmente o topo da Range em seu dia.  Mas podemos todos agruir que isso é um adeio que convença a pensar sobre  seus caras, talvez mesmo por aquele modelo particular.  E o seu material marketing, um bid, um flyer, um bid, um platform A ou um platform B.  O seu material marketing,  seria de ser capaz de ter pessoas para aquele momento que dizem,  que, wow, eu preciso ser um adeio.  Como você está criando uma mensagem, que é uma das áreas de esse webinar.  Então, o que são os três meus três rumos de marketing?  First of all, align your message to your offer.  What is it that McDonald's sells?  By the way, McDonald's burger bar, burger, whatever pizza there's pizza.  What is it that particularly McDonald's sells?  Anyone?  That's food.  That is how they sell it.  What do they sell?  Convenience.  You're getting there, but not quite.  Happiness.  Yeah, a happy experience.  A family experience.  How through food?  Where's their profit?  Obviously the food itself, but the real estate.  Where they make a lot of their money.  So, what do I sell?  Do I sell advice?  No, I kind of sell hope.  Expectation.  Work with Michael, and I'll turn your $1 into $2 kind of thing.  Do I sell knowledge?  Maybe sometimes.  I happen to be a wonderful, brainy person, but, you know,  not necessarily the great knowledge that you need.  I sell hope and expectation.  Or each and every one of you can work it out.  So, I don't know what you all do.  Rift key.  What do you do?  I do media strategy.  Remember, you want to have that 10-year plan or something like that.  Remember, from last time you mentioned.  So, you're similar to me.  How you do this, you might have this platform or that platform or the other.  But what you're saying is you're giving people the hope that if they work with you,  and this is on the basis of the one line you fed me, Rift Key.  So, I may be a little out.  If they work with you, they will have a strategy.  You will create an expectation that their strategy will generate sales.  That is what you'll say.  Yes.  You understand the platforms.  That's just a bad part of it.  And, by the way, I could say this, go into this with each and every one of you,  but I want to move on.  So, align your offer.  McDonald's don't sell food.  They sell happiness.  Which is why they have a stupid clown wandering around their branches.  Rule number two is the rule of Russia.  Yes, Russia him from 1200 and whatever.  If you can't teach it to an eight-year-old kid,  you're not going to teach it to anyone else.  Keep it simple.  That's why we had the video earlier.  Keep it simple.  I might repeat this story another time,  but my wife worked for a multinational who swapped owners  and the new owners drew up a logo, a new logo.  And she proudly brought home the logo of when it was announced.  And she showed me this piece of paper with the logo on it.  And I said, what is that?  That's our logo.  It was various squiggles in different colors.  And I said, what does that mean?  She said, oh, that's easy.  They've sent us a three-page explanation on what all the colors and different symbols mean.  Aha.  Now, I don't know.  Does anyone know what the word logo means?  It actually means in Greek meaning.  In other words, a logo should...  The meaning of the logo, that shape or whatever it is,  should shoot out at you immediately wasn't the most convincing of logos.  And the third rule of marketing is networking.  By definition, look what we're doing here today.  You can reach out to people through LinkedIn and whatever platform you choose.  And please do.  Do not ignore all these platforms.  The best form of marketing is getting up off your backside and going out there and speaking to people,  and meeting with them.  Go and see these events.  That's where the action happens.  Because as much as I do meeting people online doing my mentoring online,  the best meetings happen when I actually get to see them in person.  Far more concrete.  Far more effective, not just efficient effective.  So don't just rely on social platforms to do your networking.  Now, I want to introduce you to this book.  It's not just on the screen.  It's here in my hand, which means I bought it and read it.  And it's a book made to stick by the Heath Brothers,  who are always forget are they from Detroit or Chicago.  To me, it's that side of the map.  I know that sounds horrendously crashly British, but there you go.  Can't find it.  Can't find it.  Anyways, they're professors at one of the universities in mid-America.  And they wondered why is it that some stories about products or services stick and others don't.  And it's not necessarily because the best ones, the best products, the best whatever, stick.  It's not a case of that.  And they start off with a story on page where are we?  Page 13 with the story of Halloween or trick-or-treat or so, you know it about this time of year.  And they say, I grew up in a time when Halloween, where, where, where sweets were given out to little kids.  And eventually, eight, nine, ten, my parents said, don't take sweets from anyone.  They began to, you mustn't.  People, these sweets are poisoned.  You just don't know who they're coming from.  And this is a story that spread through America as well and and and.  So the Heath Brothers, yeah, Heath Brothers, conducted a survey of all the stories between 1958 and 1985 of all the stories of children who died on the Halloween.  And the answer was anyone wants to hazard a guess of how many children had died on the Halloween?  Zero.  Absolutely.  If I read from the book, two children did die on Halloween, Halloween, but their deaths weren't caused by strangers.  A five-year-old boy found his uncle's heroin stash, novedost.  He's in another case of father hoping to collect on an insurance settlement caused the death of his own son by contaminating his candy with cyanide.  But the story had stuck.  And in the book, they refer to an acronym called, it's called success.  Where a story that sticks is simple, unexpected, concrete, credible, emotional, and has a story attached to it.  I recently, I've got a client at the moment who adds a second S to complete the proper word success.  And the second S stands for scientific.  There is evidence to substantiate whatever.  And it's true.  If you look at those stories, those advocates around you, most of them will embody, shall I say, all, or shall I say, most of the characteristics are being simple, unexpected, et cetera, et cetera.  Think of one yourself.  You don't have to blurt it out. Just think of one yourself.  The iPhone or whatever phone you buy, the next one, why are you going to buy it?  Because it probably answers four or five of these criteria.  And the cover comment that, similarly, your products, your services, what you are trying to do should answer that.  Never be asked questions.  I don't really get the point of the Halloween story.  Like, what was the point of them saying that, okay, the day we're looking for how many children done that we don't really get the relation?  As with my parents,  tens, hundreds of thousands of parents across America, England, or wherever have told children you can't go out and collect sweets because people die, children die.  And the statistical evidence said that they don't, at least not from eating sweets given by strangers.  But the story had stuck.  Now, I used the story of Halloween, but it could be the story of why this pencil is the best pencil in the world to buy.  And you must buy it because I'll concoct a story that is simple, unexpected, and all the rest of it.  Does that answer your question?  Okay, bye.  Another way to justify where they're what you're doing is good has value.  It's to ask a question, the item number two on the screen.  Would you yourself take out your credit card and pay for it yourself?  And would you pay X or 2X or half an X? I don't know.  If you don't want to do a massive question now and go out on the streets, just ask ten of your friends.  And by the way, friends will help you.  Oh, who's going to talk to me? It's not nice to annoy them.  But put it the other way around.  If a friend called you up, you would answer their question.  We want to help each other.  So that's marketing.  Tell your story in a way that relates to the people.  But what about selling?  What are the actual acts of selling so that people are about to take out their credit card?  On the one hand, selling is about telling that convincing story.  And selling is also about shutting up, listening.  Because I can tell you that this pencil is the best pencil in the world and and and.  But if I don't shut up at some stage and hear the feedback,  I'm not going to be able to sell because for all I know,  it's only when the person in the room turns around and says,  but we never use pencils. We only use pens or whatever.  I don't even get the feedback.  So selling is about telling and listening.  Let me show you this.  What you're seeing here is a piece of British TV.  It says nine minutes, ten minutes.  I'm only going to play 30 seconds.