good morning Anna  good morning Stephanie  and morning  you seem to be busy there, I will not disturb you  Stephanie, are you there?  good morning  and morning, how are you?  good and yeah  fine  you do realise the only reason we accepted you for the course was that every  day and Tuesday you'd be handing out capsules  for everyone  that chief actor, right?  whatever  resort to my own little coffee here  it's a rare coffee, you may not have heard of it, it's called Nescafe  many chemicals are in that jar  don't go there  fine, fine  don't go there, but I could say the same about which toothpaste you're using  I could say about the plastics  we could talk, we could talk  et cetera, et cetera  I dare say in about 10, 20 years time  the food chain of the food industry and society will deal with these issues  but it's not going to be from today to tomorrow  definitely not  I can tell you if we're on the same subject  what six months ago or so I switched my toothpaste  from whatever to to to sensitize  on the grounds of as far as I know it doesn't have any mercury  and it even if it's a little bit  and all those ingredients that it has on the tube they're far less of them  right  I mean the natural toothpaste  yeah yeah  and then we can go from there to who knows where it all takes answers  as I am no scientist  I can barely change a light bulb  I can't explain my actions too strongly  there's an X-Y  if I can do one verse to the other I do it  but it's a huge expense  absolutely  it's very expensive to go knackle and organic  and at times inconvenient  inconvenient  I mean it's getting more and more convenient  but it's really expensive  very good indeed  Shira  are you smiling today  painful I know  it is now night 30 Israel time  we should all be smiling  or at least pretending to  Stephen I see you with us on that one  absolutely  yeah  very enough  I feel that we might have met or actually talked  but I could be wrong  maybe it's just a familiar name  but I can't place time and  it's incident  so maybe your brain cells are better than mine  or maybe I'm just imagining things  do you  I spoke to someone  in one of the government agencies  who advised on business  a few months ago  and I don't remember the person's name  so I don't know if it was you  no, no  I have many sins in my life  but  working for the government is not one of them  exactly  now Alberto is saying that he's in the chat room  participants  let me see  Michael Alicia  and Alberto  are having a problem getting in  oh let's see  we've released Alicia  can we release Alberto  no it's not  let's try again  admit  okay Alicia  you're there  okay  and Alberto  you're there  very good  congratulations to the group  I will not say that all groups  all participants in all the groups  have arrived on time  but you guys at least two days in  get you can go on by yourself  an extra  rogola or something  or whatever is your poison  yes, I know we've got people dealing with natural foods  and health  wellness stuff here  so I shouldn't really say that  but anyway  so I'm going to start  I don't quite know who else is joining  we really do like to try and start promptly  so thank you for turning up  first of all  whilst I obviously wasn't on the majority  of the webinar  on Sunday  any comments  any feedback  anything that went right  or wrong  or whatever  otherwise  I'll tell Sherry  that you were absolutely  enjoyed it thoroughly  oh  great job  yeah  it was just  so much information  that I got very overwhelmed  and then I kind of  yesterday  I stepped back and I went  okay one thing at a time  one thing at a time  but like having  maybe  I know that you do the  calendar time management skills  of how to schedule in certain things  throughout the day  there  from my aspect  there are  two or three themes  that recur  with groups like this  one of which is  what you've just mentioned Stephanie  like we can't do everything  how can we find the time for everything  and I will be dealing  with that in two stages  the first stage being this time  in two weeks  today so you'll get  some pointers at least  the other aspect that is  often comes up is like  I don't do budgeting  I'm the creative side  I'll even be  a little sexist about it  and say I often hear it more  from females than males  but it's not what  exclusive one domain  or the other  I'll put that myth  a bit  as quickly as we can  and that will be done next week  I will refer you  to a comment  from a boss of mine  from too many years ago  someone who I didn't  really  rank too highly  we'll leave it at that  and he said  when you go to  you should come away from them  having spent is it three hours  of the place or six hours  hopefully you got lunch  you should come away from them  with two or three ideas  that you say that's it  that is what I'm going to implement  because if we picked up  a textbook and I'm sure  you guys have your own  textbooks around you  and whatever subject it is  say I'm going to implement  you just aren't  and I'm surrounded by  books when you can see some of them  behind me  sort of the textbook stuff  is actually above me  and to my side  you're not  and what we're trying to give you  here  and you'll see it  particularly in this webinar  are the  essential tools  on board to your business  sooner rather than later  and how and when  we'll also get to that  and or  you get someone  to help you  with those bits that you're missing  and one of the most important things  about running your own business  is learning  sooner rather than later  that you can't do it  or by yourself  invest  invest can be  time, time, patience, money  in getting someone  to help you  paying them one  so that you get two  out of your business  so I'm going to give you all  a little tip for today  and I need  three volunteers  to answer this question  before we get into the  as folhas. Hands up, who knows what is the most important thing that they, in other  words you guys, what they must do today, other than listen to me, of course. What is  the most, do you know what it is? What is the one thing that above all you've got  to get over the line? Berto, good morning, how are you? I guess, I don't finish my  MVP. That's the most thing to start there. That's critical. You may have a meeting,  you're going to listen to me, you're going to think I'm wonderful and brilliant, etc,  etc. Yes, I'm modest as well. But the most important thing for you to do today on  Berto is to get that done, the MVP, correct? Yes, yes. And Stephanie, if I refer back  to you, but I think you were speaking on behalf of many, we've all got a diary whether  we actually keep one or not, full of whatever. It could be a mental diary, a physical  diary, we'll talk about that in a moment. Every one of us should have that today I finish,  today I start. This is what I must do beyond whatever else is going on. And that's your  tip for today. And to give a little anecdote to close that up, I was working with whoever  it is. I can see his face now as I was telling the story. What are we meeting next? I said  after the end of our meeting. And I said how about, and I remember it being Thursday at  9 o'clock or 9.30 next week, he said, I can't do that. I thought that was unusual. I said,  why not? I said, because that's the time I must go shopping with my wife. Now, you know,  I mean, it sounds, no, I'm not going to mock that. No, it's an activity. The two of them do  together. They obviously need to do it together for and have you, but not at 9 o'clock in the morning  every week, not at 9 o'clock on Thursday morning. That is a work hour.  We'll talk more about priorities. So today we are going to talk about  the, if I can get it on the screen, there we go, the 10 things  that I wish somebody had told me before I opened my business. Now, let me explain how this came  about this webinar. And don't forget, Sharon and I were giving seminars rather than webinars,  all of these tutorials, if you want to call it, if you want to have a better name,  we're actually done in person before Corona came along and we've kept them despite the pressure  of Miss Radicalita. We've kept them online rather than face-to-face. It came about in the  following way, if you go into chat, Google, whatever you want, YouTube, say, what do I have to do  before opening a business? You will find a billionaire number of different answers,  including in Spanish and French and Portuguese and whatever other language you want.  So if everyone's so wise, why is it so difficult? And what I've picked out today are 10  issues that if I had been wise about them way back then would have solved me a lot of problems  as I went forward. And I want to share those stories with you. Is it you must do this and then that  and the other one after the other? No, we're not talking about that. Bring it all together,  see what it adds up to. A few words about myself. I think that picture actually up there with  me running in red, the old city in the background. Well, is it genuine picture, by the way?  It's a little out of date for the past two years. I've had knee issues, so I haven't been running  too much, but I still work out. Operating of business can be very much like running a marathon.  It's you really have to put in and when you finally cross that finishing line,  I'll tell you what happens in the last slide of today. Does anyone know what that picture is?  The picture on the left hand side of the screen with the sun. There's some photographers here.  Genuine or fake? No. So you think it's genuine and you think it's massada? Anyone else?  Genuine? No. Sorry? Genuine, like real, like you woke up really early and you saw the sun rise.  Does anyone think it's anything else other than massada, if it's genuine?  In America?  It is a genuine picture taken on the top of Mount Sinai in the Sinai, about three years ago maybe.  If you ever get the chance to climb Sinai at night, do so. It was arguably the most exciting to  all I've ever done in my life. I don't know what that says about my travel limitations, but whatever.  And that is what I'm trying to get myself to do every day and get you to do every day and reach  for it. Obviously, we staged the picture so it would look as if I was grabbing the sun, but it really  is a genuine picture. Who am I? Obviously born London and I did go to university and I did get some  kind of degree. I always did the smallest amount that I could get away with in my studies, whether  at school or university. I was a straight A student in terms of doing the minimum, never getting  into trouble. In my school, we had a detention. In other words, we were kept back after school on  Fridays. In all the years, I never had one and I thought that was wonderful and an amazing  achievement. So, only years later, I realised how meaningless that was. I've been self-employed since 2006.  I have graduated with a degree in economics. I came on ILEI immediately. I did the army where I  basically was a civil servant in Green. I was an economist in the Curia. I then went on to work in  the public sector, the private sector in industry and tech. As an economist, always working in the  sort of finance or logistics or administration. With that background, that classic middle class  Jewish background, I became self-employed nearly 20 years ago because I knew it all, didn't I?  I knew the economy, I knew whatever I needed to know, I knew. And I spent 18 months making a lot  of the mistakes that I'm going to teach you not to make in the next few minutes. You pick yourself  up after the floor and move forward. And I am where I am today. I am genuinely passionate about  growing the Israeli ecosystem with whoever, Jewish or otherwise, religious or otherwise,  anyone who wants to grow the ecosystem. And as for my hobbies, they're on the screen in front of you.  And I'd much rather talk about all of those more than anything else going on at the moment.  But I guess I have to earn a living. I'm out there. I used to be highly active on LinkedIn.  I'm less so, but I'm there. And you will see me a lot on Facebook as well. And by the way,  Sherry and I have our own little group. It's called the 172 Group. You can find us on LinkedIn  on Facebook. And we post additional material because that's where nice people. We post useful content.  I think I sent you a link to a video that we create. We create two videos a week. The next one should  be posted tomorrow. We actually believe it's valuable material. I know that sounds like a bit  of a shits, but we actually believe that this is going to it helps people. That gives you that  extra spurt. And if you do like the material, please click a subscribe button. It helps us.  Now, I'm looking to force you to think out of the box. We've heard that phrase a million  and one times. We all know, does anyone know the origin of the phrase? Thinking out of the box.  It's funny how we use these words. I've got a box here right in front of me. You can see it.  I bought it in one of these trick shops and all you had to do was open the box and it would sit on  my desk for months and months and I couldn't open the box. On one day, some client walks in.  Just picks it up without any permission and starts fiddling with it. It was a client who is moving  nowhere very slowly picks up the box and just if I can do this, I don't think I can.