Ele abriu no fronte de meu corpo, no que importa de segundos, como ele faz?  Pessoal... Não, eu não posso fazer.  Bem, eu pego com ele, é muito simples.  Mas o que é a história que vem de fora do boxo?  Eu tenho uma competição para você.  Você tem de 9 dots na frente.  Eu quero você tentar conectar as dotas.  Você pode fazer isso no seu corpo, você pode fazer isso com pen e paper para um lado.  Eu quero você conectar as 4 dotas com 4 straight lines,  mas sem tirar o seu pen ou o penso do vídeo.  9 dotas para ser conectado com 4 straight lines, sem tirar o seu pen ou o penso do vídeo.  Você tem 30 segundos.  Eu não vou acantar você.  Você tem 30 segundos.  Você não pode fazer isso?  Não pode fazer isso.  E você pode fazer isso.  Você sabe?  Ficou quieto! Ficou quieto! Ficou quieto!  Ficou quieto! Ficou quieto! Ficou quieto! Hi!!!  Certo?  Certo.  Eu combino cada segundo no estudo do vídeo  e ou humia sylo. 추 feminism muito,  queremos de bão?  E isso é o caso!  E essa é a forma, mas não é a câmera, essa é a forma que você Open the Box.  Não é nada como fazer isso, ou tentando tirar isso.  É só assim como isso.  Nós usamos essa frase para pensar sobre o box, nós não realizamos o que é sobre.  Nós temos que pensar mais.  Vamos dar uma história de que eu me disse.  Um... working in a high-tech company many years ago,  20 years ago, even now.  Um, and I was the cost accountant of the company  and my boss was the in charge of finance.  I said, just passed him in the corridor  and he said, I said to him, how's your day?  He said, great!  So what's happened?  I said, we've just met with the insurance agent.  I thought, and he could see the look on my face.  Well, that sounds a pretty boring meeting.  What's so great about it?  He said that it went like this.  He's an agent we know, we know well.  We were just renewing the contract for the next year.  And he gave us a quote for whatever  and the quote sounded reasonable  and we were about to agree and I turned around  to the agent and said, what happens?  If we don't just renew for one year,  we renew for two years right here and now we commit.  Apparently the agent looked at him  with a quizzical look as if to say,  how, what made you ask that question?  And he said, I don't know.  He said, it just so happens  that as from yesterday or what have you,  we have a special campaign on for the coming month  if you renew for a second year on the spot,  you get 90% 9% off the second year.  Deal done on the spot.  Thinking out of the box,  thinking of forward from that.  What do you need to get started?  You need all of those.  I'm sure Stephanie would agree with the one before last.  There is a very old maxim in Israel.  The secret to creating a small fortune in Israel  is to start with a large fortune.  And I don't want you to enter that one.  It's well known, it's a well-known story  of Alim Khadashim has been passed on  from generation to generation.  Jessica Alba is a former Hollywood actress  who made her billions or millions on acting  and then opened a cosmetics company.  So she would have started this company  with more money, I dare say,  that all of us put together not knowing who you are  and what you are and what your background is.  And yet even her with all of that background  said, you still have to rely on all your resources.  You're gonna have to be very quick-witted.  You're gonna have to, she's basically saying,  you're gonna have to grind it out.  There are many ways to define small medium sized enterprises  as a means, but I can tell you  that 95% or so of all businesses around the world are SMEs.  They are not amdocs and Boeing and Tether and whatever else  or Google or any of those big five, seven companies,  most are small medium sized businesses.  And most in this country, particularly in this country,  but not exclusively about 40%  close-up shop within four years, five years of opening.  Now the stats for the past four or five years  are a little skew-width because of Corona and the war.  Up to 2020, typically around 50, 50 thought,  5,000 businesses opened in Israel every year  and typically around 45 clothes, 45,000 clothes.  Not 40, now they would have been going  for various periods of time.  So the growth was generally good,  but because of the war and then previously because of Corona,  there have been a lot of closed businesses.  The reasons the businesses fail go under are many and varied.  But note the first one at the top of this page,  this is from a survey I think of high-tech companies  from two or three years ago.  But it applies so often, so often,  no proven market case.  The business model was faulty  and we'll talk about the business model in item three.  Why do I think that you guys can do it?  And I barely know most of you.  I hope you can see these 15 pictures  from Abraham Lincoln top left to JK Rowling Bottom right  in the middle of the Beacons.  We've got Steve Gates here and we've got Bill Gates,  we've got Steve Jobs,  et cetera, Marinin Monroe, et cetera.  It's not a case of just what you know,  it's learning to embrace your limitations  and learning to push beyond.  With Abraham Lincoln who could barely win an election,  but he won the most important.  The Beatles who were told that the era of three guitarists  in the drama who was out of her past them by  and nine months later they were top of the charts.  JK Rowling, if you're not familiar with the name,  unemployed single mother broke,  sits down with a laptop to write a story.  She eventually went on to write the Harry Potter series  and she had to take the first book round to about 20  or so different publishing houses before accepted.  This is by the way, feel free to print screen  or whatever you want and of course you get  the recording afterwards.  So I'm gonna start with these 10 items  and they might well be a bonus one at the end.  And in order to start off with item number one,  I need a volunteer.  Someone shout out because I can't see you all on the screen.  Who's gonna volunteer?  I need a volunteer.  Who's gonna sit?  I'll pick on someone.  One, two, three, four.  Can't believe it.  Stephen, help me out.  Okay.  Okay.  Stephen, have you ever flown a plane?  No.  Okay.  It's your lucky day.  You're about to fly this plane on the screen.  Okay.  By the way, I've obviously been looking for a volunteer  every time I do this presentation for five years  and one time so I picked someone  and they said actually I do have a pilot's license.  Anyway, I want you to imagine, Stephen,  that you're in the cockpit.  The plane is locked, the passengers are on board,  the doors are closed and it's time to go.  Okay.  And you're the chief pilot, okay.  What do you do?  Assuming that I have some knowledge of my learning  or assuming that I have no knowledge.  Assume you have some knowledge.  What do you do to take us through the process?  You have a checklist of things to do  and you go down the checklist.  Okay. You've checked it all  and you've flicked some switches  and typically if we're in an international airport  we're gonna start moving backwards  to get out of the place where it.  Okay.  What then, why?  You fly, you fly the plane.  You take off.  You take off, okay?  So the plane's going sort of in that upward thing  that we see from the ground  and you get up to a certain altitude.  Then what happens?  Then you level off  and you either continue flying  or put it on autopilot at presumed.  Yeah.  And then what happens?  And then as you're approaching the destination,  where are we?  Which destination?  And this is the point.  By the way, I do this with a ship.  You do the plane.  It's the same thing.  How did you get a ship out of port?  You've got the first thing you have to  should have said to me was,  I need to get to New York,  Mumbai, I don't care where,  Haifa.  Because when you know where you are going to,  you then know what resources you need on board.  Have you got enough staff?  Have you got enough food provisions?  Have you got enough petrol, whatever, fuel?  Have you checked the weather for that flight path  as opposed to another, et cetera, et cetera?  Stephen, thank you.  Sure.  I don't know if that encourages you to take up flying  but whatever.  And it's obviously you've all done,  you've already jumped ahead of me in your minds.  That is what we have in business.  I'm going to become accountant.  I'm going to open a gym.  I am going to create a starter, which is fine.  But what's the vision?  What's it all going to lead to?  Because we all need a vision.  Because the vision drives you and helps you understand  what you are building.  And the only way to get a clear vision,  Carl Gold used to be a colleague of mine,  is to develop a plan that you can follow  as your business expands.  I'm currently working with a manufacturing company.  It doesn't matter which one and where it is.  And they said, we're sort of stuck Michael.  And I said, well, where are you going?  What was the original plan?  And everyone's saying, we're not sure.  They said, what are your numbers?  We don't know.  What do you want to do?  Well, we're trying, we've got a salesperson  to come in and help us.  OK, as that salesperson got any targets,  any profitability levels to achieve.  And suddenly we're all flying around in circles.  You need that vision.  Because, and what kind of vision?  It's a vision that is inspiring.  It's a vision that when you wake up in bed,  wake up in the morning in your bed.  You want to get out of bed, rain or sunshine.  Whatever is on, you know,  weird, if not ghastly news or most daily  and says, I want to do this.  It's inspiring for who?  It's inspiring, first of all, for yourself.  It's inspiring enough for those people around you.  Could you be your other significant half?  It could be your clients.  It could be your suppliers.  Could be your kids.  It inspires everyone around you.  You want to do this.  It's a kind of sense of purpose.  What motivates your vision statement?  Well, obviously, there's the intrinsic,  extrinsic stuff like there's the money.  There's the  fact that you can have an impact  on whatever it is, your community, your, I don't know what.  But you must be accountable.  Because whatever, and without what are the mistakes that I made,  I thought, I am going to be great at doing whatever I'm doing  and I didn't realize that I still had to be accountable.  And not just to my bank manager,  or what sort of speak about that later,  but obviously to my family,  and I had to make a proper living.  We all talk about success.  I prefer to talk about achievement these days.  I don't know who, if you know who Ash Barty is,  or I should say was,  until two or so years ago,  she was the woman's tennis champion of the world.  She was beginning to win everything in her path.  Australian, they call them an indigenous Australian.  Some people, you refer to the old term of Aboriginal.  And at the peak of her game,  she turned around to the world press and said,  I'm out of here.  I don't want to do this anymore.  Because she realized that the age of,  I think it was 25,  the winning tennis championships  wasn't the be all an end all.  She could make a lot of money,  be famous, pictured all over the place,  but that wasn't where her dreams lay.  Her vision was elsewhere.  And this is my vision.  Did I realize it at the time when I started out  absolutely not?  It sort of came together.  And your homework,  whether you want to put her posted on the group or otherwise,  or send it to me directly,  is to write your vision.  I can tell you that most people  when they do this exercise,  go through this sort of process.  Okay, Michael's told me to do this.  Let's sit down with my coffee or whatever.  We'll do it.  And they write something.  They look at it,  load of rubbish.  Write something else.  Now they don't even complete the sentence.  And they go through this process of sorting it out.  By the way, write it.  Don't type it.  Write it.  And eventually after a half an hour,  they come up with something that looks reasonable.  Go away.  Go to the toilet.  Come back.  Look at it.  Thread in the bin.  Next.  And eventually they come back up with something  and they look at it and leave it overnight  and go back to the following day.  Rubbish.  And this is all legit.  One or two of you may turn around and say,  this is my vision.  Here it is right here.  And now good for you guys.  But typically this is the process.  Once I worked out my vision,  which I had ignored against advice,  things began to move.  Because I knew what I wanted to do.  And then the next thing was,  well, we'll come to that in a moment.  It's your homework.  Whether you do it or not is up to you.  I strongly encourage you to do it.  Even if you've,  whether you've had a business for five years,  or just about to open it.  And I strongly advise you to write it.  Why write it?  Because when you write,  as opposed to type,  and I'm no neurologist or psychologist,  you begin to internalize better  what you are writing.  So the first thing is get a vision,  which I didn't have at the beginning.  Now comes to the tricky part.  A sixth letter word called detail.  Edmilaovsky passed away about three years ago.  He was one originally born in America  came to live in Israel.  He was one of the founders  of what's called the start-up nation.  And he was involved in investments  in the latter part of his life,  helping start-ups get caught.  I had the good fortune of meeting him  and then with a good deal of hootspur,  can I come after a two-minute conversation?  I said, can I come to your office  with a client,  and maybe you can help us get some funding.  And he was very open and welcome.  And so off I trope,  off I went to Herdslia  with the client full of expectation  for a two o'clock in the afternoon meeting.  And we got there and the office was very nice  and he welcomed us graciously.  And it became horrendously apparent  after the first few minutes  that he was going to help us with nothing.  And I just felt deflated,  I felt upset for myself,  upset for the client, etc.  And I walked out,  so we were just saying goodbye,  sort of very humbly.  He turned around to us  and said, gentlemen,  do not forget.  I said, what's there not to forget?  He said, gentlemen,  the devil is in the detail.  And I just froze.  He was telling me something  that I have never forgotten quite clearly  as I'm sharing this with you.  Because the impact of that,  especially for someone like myself,  who is not great at detail,  who tries sometimes sort of  lives over important facts.  That's one of my weaknesses.